Perf map docs (#29102)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/debug-highcpu.md

The `perf` tool can be used to generate .NET Core app profiles. Exit the previous instance of the [sample debug target](/samples/dotnet/samples/diagnostic-scenarios).

> Set the `DOTNET_PerfMapEnabled` environment variable to cause the .NET Core app to create a `map` file in the `/tmp` directory. This `map` file is used by `perf` to map CPU address to JIT-generated functions by name. For more information, see [Export perf maps](../runtime-config/debugging-profiling.md#export-perf-maps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `DOTNET_PerfMapEnabled` environment variable to cause the .NET app to create a `map` file in the `/tmp` directory. This `map` file is used by `perf` to map CPU addresses to JIT-generated functions by name. For more information, see [Export perf maps](../runtime-config/debugging-profiling.md#export-perf-maps).
```
